[WIP] Refactored function 'add_graph' in nilearn/plotting/displays/_projectors.py #3655 (#4635)
nilearn/nilearn: doc/changes/latest.rst

- :bdg-dark:`Code` Reorder condition in internal call of :func:`nilearn.image.resample_img` to skip checking of array values if interpolation is ``nearest`` (:gh:`4571` by `Jason Kai`_).

- :bdg-dark:`Code` Remove redundant sorting of ``np.unique(data)`` in internal call of :func:`nilearn.image.resample_img` when checking array values (:gh:`4571` by `Jason Kai`_).

> - :bdg-secondary:`Maint` Refactored :func:`nilearn.plotting.displays._projectors.add_graph` to ensure it is within the maximum function length of 150 (:gh:`4635` by `Anupriya Kumari`_).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :bdg-secondary:`Maint` Refactored :func:`nilearn.plotting.displays._projectors.add_graph` to reduce its maxixmum length (:gh:`4635` by `Anupriya Kumari`_).
```

Reviewer: Let's keep it a bit more vague because we may want to make the function even smaller.

- :bdg-dark:`Code` Reorder condition in internal call of :func:`nilearn.image.resample_img` to skip checking of array values if interpolation is ``nearest`` (:gh:`4571` by `Jason Kai`_).

- :bdg-dark:`Code` Remove redundant sorting of ``np.unique(data)`` in internal call of :func:`nilearn.image.resample_img` when checking array values (:gh:`4571` by `Jason Kai`_).

> - :bdg-secondary:`Maint` Refactored :func:`nilearn.plotting.displays._projectors.add_graph` to reduce its maxixmum length (:gh:`4635` by `Anupriya Kumari`_).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :bdg-secondary:`Maint` Refactor `nilearn.plotting.displays._projectors.add_graph` to reduce its maxixmum length (:gh:`4635` by `Anupriya Kumari`_).
```

Reviewer: removing the `:func:` that causes the doc build to crash (this function is not part of the public API so there is no official reference to it)
